name: Appetizer-1
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp
addons: rice
sides: beans cheese
prep: 13
cook: 5

name: Salad-2
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: arugula
addons: radishes
sides: mushrooms potatoes
prep: 8
cook: 3

name: Entree-3
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: tofu chicken beef
addons: mushrooms
sides: peas
prep: 37
cook: 77

name: Appetizer-4
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: beef
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms beans
prep: 25
cook: 18

name: Entree-5
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: salmon tempeh salmon
addons: peas
sides: peas beans
prep: 43
cook: 76

name: Salad-6
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: lettuce mesclun chard
addons: radishes
sides: carrots
prep: 17
cook: 8

name: Salad-7
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: kale arugula
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes potatoes
prep: 6
cook: 4

name: Salad-8
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: lettuce
addons: radishes
sides: carrots mushrooms
prep: 14
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-9
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: shrimp shrimp
addons: eggs
sides: spinach beans
prep: 25
cook: 12

name: Salad-10
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: spinach kale arugula
addons: radishes
sides: carrots carrots
prep: 15
cook: 7

name: Salad-11
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: chard mesclun spinach
addons: scallions
sides: potatoes
prep: 7
cook: 9

name: Entree-12
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: salmon shrimp
addons: potatoes
sides: beans beans
prep: 23
cook: 79

name: Salad-13
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: mesclun chard mesclun
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers
prep: 5
cook: 4

name: Salad-14
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: chard arugula
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes cucumbers
prep: 8
cook: 6

name: Entree-15
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: chicken chicken lamb
addons: cauliflower
sides: beans
prep: 58
cook: 62

name: Entree-16
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: tempeh
addons: beans
sides: milk cheese
prep: 54
cook: 81

name: Appetizer-17
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: scallops tofu tofu
addons: eggs
sides: beans
prep: 22
cook: 9

name: Salad-18
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: spinach arugula kale
addons: radishes
sides: mushrooms
prep: 9
cook: 6

name: Salad-19
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: chard
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms
prep: 13
cook: 8

name: Entree-20
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: shrimp
addons: peas
sides: peas peas
prep: 27
cook: 124

name: Entree-21
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: goat beef tempeh
addons: potatoes
sides: eggs beans
prep: 23
cook: 85

name: Appetizer-22
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: scallops beef
addons: eggs
sides: spinach
prep: 10
cook: 7

name: Entree-23
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: tofu lamb
addons: peas
sides: eggs
prep: 16
cook: 11

name: Appetizer-24
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: tofu shrimp
addons: eggs
sides: beans cheese
prep: 33
cook: 19

name: Appetizer-25
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: beef
addons: peas
sides: spinach
prep: 37
cook: 17

name: Entree-26
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: scallops chicken beef
addons: broccoli
sides: beans
prep: 36
cook: 97

name: Salad-27
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: spinach
addons: cheese
sides: carrots
prep: 8
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-28
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: shrimp tofu chicken
addons: peas
sides: mushrooms
prep: 14
cook: 11

name: Appetizer-29
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: tofu beef beef
addons: peas
sides: beans
prep: 29
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-30
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: chicken chicken
addons: rice
sides: spinach
prep: 19
cook: 10

name: Salad-31
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: kale kale
addons: radishes
sides: carrots
prep: 10
cook: 10

name: Entree-32
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: tempeh chicken
addons: beans
sides: beans
prep: 36
cook: 28

name: Appetizer-33
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: tofu shrimp
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 27
cook: 24

name: Appetizer-34
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: tofu
addons: eggs
sides: spinach beans
prep: 12
cook: 19

name: Salad-35
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: spinach mesclun spinach
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes
prep: 11
cook: 9

name: Salad-36
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: arugula
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms
prep: 19
cook: 4

name: Entree-37
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: beef shrimp scallops
addons: rice
sides: cheese
prep: 32
cook: 85

name: Salad-38
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: spinach spinach
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms
prep: 19
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-39
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: beef
addons: rice
sides: mushrooms spinach
prep: 34
cook: 17

name: Salad-40
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: chard lettuce mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes
prep: 9
cook: 9

name: Entree-41
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: chicken goat tofu
addons: peas
sides: milk milk
prep: 33
cook: 77

name: Appetizer-42
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: scallops shrimp beef
addons: peas
sides: beans cheese
prep: 33
cook: 18

name: Appetizer-43
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: beef scallops
addons: eggs
sides: cheese
prep: 11
cook: 7

name: Entree-44
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: shrimp
addons: beans
sides: beans
prep: 38
cook: 47

name: Appetizer-45
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: beef beef
addons: eggs
sides: cheese
prep: 25
cook: 17

name: Salad-46
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: arugula mesclun chard
addons: cheese
sides: carrots mushrooms
prep: 14
cook: 2

name: Appetizer-47
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: tofu
addons: peas
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 25
cook: 7

name: Salad-48
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: chard mesclun
addons: eggs
sides: carrots
prep: 11
cook: 3

name: Salad-49
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: arugula kale
addons: scallions
sides: carrots
prep: 14
cook: 1

name: Salad-50
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: arugula chard chard
addons: cheese
sides: carrots mushrooms
prep: 15
cook: 5

name: Entree-51
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: goat shrimp lamb
addons: potatoes
sides: eggs milk
prep: 28
cook: 117

name: Salad-52
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: lettuce spinach chard
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes cucumbers
prep: 9
cook: 2

name: Entree-53
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: shrimp goat
addons: rice
sides: beans
prep: 31
cook: 122

name: Salad-54
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: chard
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms
prep: 16
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-55
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: shrimp chicken chicken
addons: rice
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 18
cook: 15

name: Entree-56
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp salmon
addons: spinach
sides: milk beans
prep: 59
cook: 57

name: Appetizer-57
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: shrimp
addons: cheese
sides: spinach
prep: 26
cook: 5

name: Appetizer-58
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: chicken
addons: peas
sides: cheese spinach
prep: 15
cook: 18

name: Salad-59
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: arugula
addons: scallions
sides: carrots potatoes
prep: 11
cook: 2

name: Entree-60
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: tempeh chicken lamb
addons: cauliflower
sides: beans cheese
prep: 58
cook: 8

name: Salad-61
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: kale
addons: scallions
sides: carrots carrots
prep: 18
cook: 7

name: Appetizer-62
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: beef scallops shrimp
addons: eggs
sides: beans mushrooms
prep: 25
cook: 19

name: Appetizer-63
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: chicken beef beef
addons: cheese
sides: spinach
prep: 11
cook: 7

name: Entree-64
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: goat chicken lamb
addons: beans
sides: eggs peas
prep: 48
cook: 122

name: Entree-65
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: beef
addons: beets
sides: beans beans
prep: 27
cook: 35

name: Appetizer-66
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: scallops beef tofu
addons: eggs
sides: cheese mushrooms
prep: 18
cook: 14

name: Salad-67
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: arugula kale arugula
addons: eggs
sides: carrots potatoes
prep: 17
cook: 2

name: Salad-68
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: chard mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers
prep: 5
cook: 10

name: Entree-69
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: tempeh tofu salmon
addons: mushrooms
sides: peas
prep: 59
cook: 42

name: Appetizer-70
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: chicken chicken
addons: eggs
sides: cheese
prep: 12
cook: 15

name: Entree-71
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: lamb
addons: peas
sides: eggs milk
prep: 51
cook: 10

name: Entree-72
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: chicken
addons: rice
sides: eggs peas
prep: 39
cook: 114

name: Entree-73
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: tempeh tempeh
addons: beans
sides: peas
prep: 26
cook: 48

name: Salad-74
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: mesclun kale
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers
prep: 17
cook: 2

name: Appetizer-75
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: tofu
addons: eggs
sides: cheese
prep: 39
cook: 13

name: Entree-76
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: scallops goat
addons: peas
sides: eggs
prep: 26
cook: 27

name: Salad-77
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: kale chard chard
addons: eggs
sides: carrots carrots
prep: 12
cook: 1

name: Entree-78
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: tofu
addons: cauliflower
sides: cheese beans
prep: 57
cook: 43

name: Appetizer-79
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: chicken scallops
addons: rice
sides: spinach mushrooms
prep: 16
cook: 15

name: Appetizer-80
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: beef shrimp tofu
addons: cheese
sides: spinach cheese
prep: 10
cook: 11

name: Entree-81
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: tofu
addons: peas
sides: peas cheese
prep: 15
cook: 85

name: Appetizer-82
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: shrimp tofu tofu
addons: cheese
sides: spinach
prep: 33
cook: 10

name: Salad-83
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: spinach mesclun spinach
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms carrots
prep: 13
cook: 2

name: Entree-84
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: salmon tempeh lamb
addons: rice
sides: milk milk
prep: 43
cook: 72

name: Entree-85
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: tempeh chicken tempeh
addons: beans
sides: milk
prep: 35
cook: 39

name: Appetizer-86
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: scallops
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms beans
prep: 18
cook: 21

name: Entree-87
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: tempeh tempeh beef
addons: spinach
sides: cheese
prep: 37
cook: 8

name: Salad-88
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: chard kale kale
addons: radishes
sides: mushrooms
prep: 15
cook: 2

name: Appetizer-89
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: shrimp
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms
prep: 31
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-90
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: scallops shrimp beef
addons: cheese
sides: cheese spinach
prep: 33
cook: 24

name: Appetizer-91
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: beef scallops
addons: rice
sides: spinach mushrooms
prep: 34
cook: 8

name: Salad-92
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: spinach mesclun spinach
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes
prep: 7
cook: 7

name: Salad-93
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: spinach mesclun mesclun
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers
prep: 18
cook: 5

name: Entree-94
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: beef
addons: carrots
sides: eggs beans
prep: 19
cook: 73

name: Entree-95
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: tofu goat
addons: peas
sides: beans
prep: 42
cook: 25

name: Entree-96
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: salmon tempeh
addons: beets
sides: beans
prep: 17
cook: 94

name: Appetizer-97
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: scallops
addons: peas
sides: mushrooms
prep: 22
cook: 15

name: Appetizer-98
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: tofu tofu
addons: peas
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 33
cook: 21

name: Appetizer-99
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: shrimp
addons: rice
sides: cheese
prep: 19
cook: 10

name: Entree-100
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: tofu scallops
addons: spinach
sides: peas cheese
prep: 32
cook: 74

name: Salad-101
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: chard kale kale
addons: scallions
sides: carrots
prep: 6
cook: 2

name: Entree-102
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: goat goat salmon
addons: rice
sides: cheese milk
prep: 33
cook: 40

name: Entree-103
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: shrimp tofu
addons: cauliflower
sides: cheese
prep: 17
cook: 94

name: Salad-104
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: spinach chard lettuce
addons: scallions
sides: potatoes mushrooms
prep: 17
cook: 9

name: Salad-105
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: lettuce arugula
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms potatoes
prep: 10
cook: 3

name: Appetizer-106
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: tofu
addons: eggs
sides: beans mushrooms
prep: 17
cook: 20

name: Salad-107
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: mesclun lettuce spinach
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers potatoes
prep: 6
cook: 7

name: Entree-108
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: scallops scallops
addons: beans
sides: eggs cheese
prep: 33
cook: 60

name: Appetizer-109
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: beef
addons: peas
sides: mushrooms beans
prep: 25
cook: 19

name: Entree-110
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: shrimp
addons: carrots
sides: peas milk
prep: 57
cook: 30

name: Salad-111
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: mesclun kale chard
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms
prep: 12
cook: 1

name: Appetizer-112
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: beef beef beef
addons: rice
sides: beans beans
prep: 37
cook: 11

name: Appetizer-113
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: tofu
addons: rice
sides: beans
prep: 16
cook: 5

name: Salad-114
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: mesclun mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: carrots
prep: 6
cook: 4

name: Appetizer-115
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: tofu beef chicken
addons: cheese
sides: beans
prep: 10
cook: 21

name: Entree-116
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: tofu scallops
addons: peas
sides: eggs peas
prep: 51
cook: 74

name: Appetizer-117
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: beef beef beef
addons: rice
sides: beans mushrooms
prep: 22
cook: 11

name: Appetizer-118
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: chicken beef chicken
addons: peas
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 10
cook: 21

name: Entree-119
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: tofu chicken tofu
addons: cucumber
sides: peas milk
prep: 39
cook: 59

name: Appetizer-120
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: scallops
addons: rice
sides: beans cheese
prep: 10
cook: 11

name: Appetizer-121
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: chicken shrimp
addons: cheese
sides: spinach
prep: 27
cook: 15

name: Appetizer-122
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: shrimp shrimp chicken
addons: peas
sides: spinach
prep: 33
cook: 8

name: Salad-123
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: kale
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers carrots
prep: 5
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-124
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: scallops tofu shrimp
addons: eggs
sides: spinach
prep: 13
cook: 24

name: Entree-125
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: chicken
addons: beets
sides: cheese
prep: 17
cook: 117

name: Salad-126
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: kale
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes carrots
prep: 7
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-127
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: shrimp
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms
prep: 24
cook: 14

name: Appetizer-128
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: chicken
addons: rice
sides: mushrooms
prep: 34
cook: 5

name: Entree-129
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: shrimp tofu
addons: potatoes
sides: eggs
prep: 22
cook: 104

name: Entree-130
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: scallops tempeh
addons: cauliflower
sides: eggs beans
prep: 32
cook: 121

name: Entree-131
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: shrimp shrimp
addons: spinach
sides: milk
prep: 18
cook: 34

name: Appetizer-132
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: tofu chicken
addons: rice
sides: beans mushrooms
prep: 24
cook: 23

name: Entree-133
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: goat shrimp scallops
addons: peas
sides: peas
prep: 31
cook: 60

name: Entree-134
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: goat salmon scallops
addons: beans
sides: eggs
prep: 50
cook: 41

name: Entree-135
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: tofu
addons: beans
sides: eggs
prep: 36
cook: 111

name: Entree-136
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: tempeh chicken
addons: beets
sides: milk
prep: 27
cook: 9

name: Salad-137
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: mesclun
addons: scallions
sides: potatoes
prep: 15
cook: 7

name: Appetizer-138
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: scallops
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms
prep: 14
cook: 13

name: Salad-139
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: chard lettuce
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers cucumbers
prep: 12
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-140
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: tofu tofu
addons: rice
sides: cheese spinach
prep: 30
cook: 5

name: Salad-141
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: lettuce spinach arugula
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes
prep: 10
cook: 8

name: Salad-142
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: kale chard kale
addons: radishes
sides: carrots
prep: 10
cook: 4

name: Salad-143
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: chard spinach chard
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms
prep: 13
cook: 1

name: Entree-144
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: beef
addons: rice
sides: cheese peas
prep: 27
cook: 79

name: Entree-145
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: salmon
addons: spinach
sides: peas
prep: 28
cook: 49

name: Appetizer-146
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: tofu tofu tofu
addons: peas
sides: cheese
prep: 24
cook: 7

name: Appetizer-147
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: chicken beef chicken
addons: cheese
sides: beans
prep: 19
cook: 13

name: Appetizer-148
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: scallops scallops scallops
addons: rice
sides: beans beans
prep: 34
cook: 21

name: Salad-149
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: kale lettuce
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes
prep: 19
cook: 10

name: Entree-150
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: beef
addons: cauliflower
sides: eggs peas
prep: 57
cook: 80

name: Salad-151
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: spinach
addons: scallions
sides: potatoes mushrooms
prep: 6
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-152
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: shrimp scallops tofu
addons: rice
sides: cheese
prep: 24
cook: 6

name: Salad-153
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: spinach mesclun
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes mushrooms
prep: 16
cook: 10

name: Salad-154
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: chard arugula chard
addons: cheese
sides: carrots
prep: 13
cook: 4

name: Entree-155
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: lamb tempeh salmon
addons: carrots
sides: eggs peas
prep: 40
cook: 15

name: Entree-156
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: tempeh
addons: potatoes
sides: cheese milk
prep: 39
cook: 34

name: Entree-157
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: tempeh
addons: beans
sides: beans milk
prep: 54
cook: 82

name: Appetizer-158
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: scallops scallops
addons: rice
sides: cheese
prep: 32
cook: 18

name: Entree-159
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: beef salmon
addons: cucumber
sides: eggs
prep: 54
cook: 84

name: Appetizer-160
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: tofu beef chicken
addons: eggs
sides: spinach cheese
prep: 19
cook: 9

name: Salad-161
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers
prep: 12
cook: 8

name: Entree-162
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: scallops chicken
addons: cauliflower
sides: beans eggs
prep: 43
cook: 111

name: Appetizer-163
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: shrimp scallops
addons: cheese
sides: spinach beans
prep: 27
cook: 12

name: Entree-164
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: beef lamb
addons: broccoli
sides: milk cheese
prep: 23
cook: 79

name: Appetizer-165
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: tofu chicken
addons: peas
sides: spinach cheese
prep: 16
cook: 17

name: Entree-166
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: goat chicken tofu
addons: broccoli
sides: beans milk
prep: 15
cook: 110

name: Appetizer-167
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: chicken
addons: eggs
sides: beans cheese
prep: 16
cook: 24

name: Salad-168
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: chard kale lettuce
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes
prep: 16
cook: 1

name: Appetizer-169
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: scallops
addons: peas
sides: spinach spinach
prep: 14
cook: 12

name: Salad-170
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: kale kale lettuce
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers carrots
prep: 11
cook: 2

name: Salad-171
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: lettuce arugula
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms cucumbers
prep: 14
cook: 4

name: Entree-172
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: lamb shrimp
addons: rice
sides: eggs
prep: 59
cook: 19

name: Entree-173
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: beef
addons: rice
sides: milk beans
prep: 35
cook: 43

name: Appetizer-174
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: tofu beef chicken
addons: peas
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 17
cook: 18

name: Salad-175
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: chard
addons: radishes
sides: mushrooms
prep: 12
cook: 10

name: Entree-176
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: beef shrimp chicken
addons: beans
sides: cheese
prep: 24
cook: 39

name: Salad-177
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: spinach chard
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms potatoes
prep: 12
cook: 6

name: Salad-178
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: arugula kale arugula
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers
prep: 6
cook: 8

name: Salad-179
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: spinach
addons: eggs
sides: carrots cucumbers
prep: 5
cook: 2

name: Entree-180
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: salmon salmon
addons: peas
sides: peas
prep: 59
cook: 60

name: Salad-181
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: spinach
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms carrots
prep: 13
cook: 3

name: Entree-182
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: goat scallops salmon
addons: mushrooms
sides: peas eggs
prep: 56
cook: 13

name: Entree-183
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: chicken
addons: beets
sides: eggs cheese
prep: 21
cook: 69

name: Salad-184
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: kale arugula
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes
prep: 11
cook: 5

name: Entree-185
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: scallops scallops
addons: mushrooms
sides: cheese eggs
prep: 45
cook: 50

name: Entree-186
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: tofu tofu lamb
addons: peas
sides: milk
prep: 22
cook: 16

name: Salad-187
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: spinach chard
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers
prep: 18
cook: 10

name: Entree-188
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: tofu salmon lamb
addons: spinach
sides: cheese milk
prep: 53
cook: 73

name: Salad-189
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: arugula
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes carrots
prep: 18
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-190
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: shrimp beef scallops
addons: cheese
sides: spinach
prep: 29
cook: 19

name: Entree-191
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: chicken
addons: cauliflower
sides: beans milk
prep: 44
cook: 88

name: Appetizer-192
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: shrimp chicken beef
addons: eggs
sides: spinach
prep: 20
cook: 7

name: Salad-193
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: kale arugula mesclun
addons: eggs
sides: carrots
prep: 8
cook: 2

name: Appetizer-194
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: chicken
addons: eggs
sides: spinach spinach
prep: 26
cook: 16

name: Entree-195
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: tempeh shrimp beef
addons: peas
sides: beans cheese
prep: 48
cook: 74

name: Appetizer-196
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: scallops chicken beef
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms cheese
prep: 35
cook: 5

name: Entree-197
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: lamb beef
addons: beans
sides: cheese
prep: 26
cook: 28

name: Entree-198
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: scallops salmon
addons: beets
sides: beans
prep: 54
cook: 42

name: Entree-199
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: salmon lamb goat
addons: carrots
sides: eggs
prep: 36
cook: 71

name: Appetizer-200
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: shrimp chicken
addons: rice
sides: spinach beans
prep: 30
cook: 15

name: Salad-201
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: spinach chard
addons: radishes
sides: mushrooms carrots
prep: 16
cook: 7

name: Entree-202
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: scallops shrimp
addons: peas
sides: eggs peas
prep: 24
cook: 65

name: Entree-203
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: tofu shrimp
addons: peas
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 29
cook: 55

name: Salad-204
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes
prep: 5
cook: 5

name: Salad-205
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: lettuce mesclun
addons: scallions
sides: potatoes
prep: 17
cook: 7

name: Salad-206
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: kale arugula
addons: scallions
sides: carrots
prep: 5
cook: 8

name: Entree-207
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: tofu
addons: peas
sides: eggs
prep: 20
cook: 19

name: Entree-208
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp tempeh
addons: rice
sides: milk eggs
prep: 28
cook: 29

name: Salad-209
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: lettuce mesclun arugula
addons: scallions
sides: potatoes
prep: 17
cook: 1

name: Appetizer-210
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: beef tofu
addons: rice
sides: mushrooms cheese
prep: 27
cook: 22

name: Appetizer-211
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: chicken beef tofu
addons: eggs
sides: spinach cheese
prep: 29
cook: 23

name: Entree-212
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: goat tempeh
addons: beets
sides: peas
prep: 50
cook: 9

name: Salad-213
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: arugula
addons: eggs
sides: cucumbers potatoes
prep: 13
cook: 6

name: Entree-214
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: scallops salmon salmon
addons: mushrooms
sides: eggs
prep: 31
cook: 64

name: Salad-215
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: spinach
addons: scallions
sides: carrots
prep: 7
cook: 6

name: Salad-216
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: chard chard
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes mushrooms
prep: 18
cook: 1

name: Salad-217
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes
prep: 9
cook: 8

name: Entree-218
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: scallops scallops goat
addons: peas
sides: eggs
prep: 32
cook: 119

name: Salad-219
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: arugula chard
addons: scallions
sides: potatoes
prep: 16
cook: 1

name: Entree-220
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: goat scallops shrimp
addons: cucumber
sides: peas
prep: 22
cook: 81

name: Appetizer-221
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: beef scallops
addons: eggs
sides: cheese
prep: 33
cook: 18

name: Salad-222
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: spinach arugula
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes
prep: 17
cook: 6

name: Entree-223
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: salmon chicken tempeh
addons: cauliflower
sides: milk
prep: 46
cook: 18

name: Entree-224
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp lamb shrimp
addons: broccoli
sides: cheese
prep: 21
cook: 21

name: Entree-225
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: scallops
addons: broccoli
sides: eggs
prep: 46
cook: 55

name: Salad-226
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: arugula mesclun chard
addons: radishes
sides: carrots
prep: 6
cook: 10

name: Appetizer-227
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: beef scallops
addons: eggs
sides: cheese mushrooms
prep: 30
cook: 21

name: Appetizer-228
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: beef tofu shrimp
addons: cheese
sides: spinach
prep: 24
cook: 12

name: Appetizer-229
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: scallops
addons: cheese
sides: beans spinach
prep: 19
cook: 16

name: Entree-230
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: lamb goat tofu
addons: beans
sides: cheese milk
prep: 18
cook: 119

name: Appetizer-231
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: scallops
addons: cheese
sides: cheese mushrooms
prep: 20
cook: 24

name: Entree-232
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: tempeh tempeh
addons: beans
sides: eggs
prep: 15
cook: 56

name: Appetizer-233
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: scallops chicken shrimp
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms beans
prep: 18
cook: 7

name: Salad-234
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: chard lettuce
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers
prep: 16
cook: 1

name: Appetizer-235
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp beef
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms
prep: 23
cook: 13

name: Appetizer-236
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: shrimp
addons: peas
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 26
cook: 21

name: Appetizer-237
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: tofu scallops
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms beans
prep: 35
cook: 22

name: Salad-238
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: chard spinach
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers
prep: 15
cook: 10

name: Appetizer-239
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: beef scallops beef
addons: peas
sides: spinach cheese
prep: 27
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-240
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: chicken beef beef
addons: eggs
sides: beans spinach
prep: 16
cook: 23

name: Appetizer-241
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: shrimp
addons: rice
sides: beans
prep: 26
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-242
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: chicken
addons: eggs
sides: cheese beans
prep: 17
cook: 9

name: Entree-243
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: salmon
addons: peas
sides: eggs beans
prep: 20
cook: 115

name: Salad-244
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: kale
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms potatoes
prep: 14
cook: 1

name: Appetizer-245
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: beef shrimp
addons: peas
sides: beans
prep: 37
cook: 13

name: Entree-246
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: salmon salmon
addons: cauliflower
sides: cheese peas
prep: 57
cook: 57

name: Salad-247
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: chard lettuce mesclun
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers
prep: 12
cook: 10

name: Entree-248
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: goat
addons: beans
sides: beans peas
prep: 51
cook: 76

name: Salad-249
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: kale chard lettuce
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers cucumbers
prep: 17
cook: 1

name: Salad-250
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: lettuce
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes
prep: 5
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-251
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: shrimp
addons: peas
sides: mushrooms
prep: 15
cook: 24

name: Salad-252
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: kale lettuce
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers
prep: 18
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-253
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: tofu
addons: rice
sides: beans
prep: 28
cook: 24

name: Appetizer-254
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: beef
addons: rice
sides: mushrooms spinach
prep: 12
cook: 18

name: Salad-255
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: chard
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes
prep: 15
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-256
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: shrimp shrimp
addons: rice
sides: mushrooms
prep: 38
cook: 24

name: Appetizer-257
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp scallops
addons: rice
sides: spinach cheese
prep: 27
cook: 16

name: Appetizer-258
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: chicken beef chicken
addons: eggs
sides: spinach mushrooms
prep: 23
cook: 18

name: Entree-259
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: beef
addons: peas
sides: milk
prep: 31
cook: 81

name: Salad-260
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: mesclun lettuce arugula
addons: eggs
sides: cucumbers
prep: 18
cook: 7

name: Appetizer-261
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: tofu
addons: cheese
sides: spinach spinach
prep: 34
cook: 16

name: Entree-262
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: scallops
addons: beans
sides: eggs cheese
prep: 25
cook: 119

name: Appetizer-263
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: beef chicken shrimp
addons: peas
sides: beans cheese
prep: 36
cook: 17

name: Salad-264
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: mesclun
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms
prep: 9
cook: 3

name: Salad-265
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: arugula chard
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers
prep: 18
cook: 8

name: Entree-266
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: salmon salmon
addons: beans
sides: peas
prep: 42
cook: 79

name: Entree-267
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: goat salmon scallops
addons: broccoli
sides: cheese beans
prep: 25
cook: 30

name: Entree-268
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: beef shrimp
addons: rice
sides: milk
prep: 38
cook: 35

name: Entree-269
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: tempeh goat
addons: spinach
sides: beans eggs
prep: 52
cook: 61

name: Salad-270
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: arugula kale
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes potatoes
prep: 9
cook: 2

name: Entree-271
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: shrimp beef chicken
addons: peas
sides: cheese beans
prep: 38
cook: 85

name: Salad-272
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: arugula spinach spinach
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers cucumbers
prep: 14
cook: 6

name: Salad-273
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: spinach
addons: radishes
sides: carrots cucumbers
prep: 13
cook: 2

name: Appetizer-274
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: scallops beef
addons: rice
sides: cheese
prep: 27
cook: 19

name: Entree-275
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: salmon chicken
addons: mushrooms
sides: cheese milk
prep: 44
cook: 106

name: Appetizer-276
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: beef scallops chicken
addons: rice
sides: mushrooms
prep: 13
cook: 15

name: Salad-277
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: mesclun chard
addons: cheese
sides: carrots cucumbers
prep: 17
cook: 10

name: Entree-278
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: tofu tempeh
addons: beans
sides: cheese
prep: 54
cook: 93

name: Salad-279
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: mesclun kale kale
addons: eggs
sides: carrots mushrooms
prep: 16
cook: 6

name: Salad-280
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: kale
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms
prep: 15
cook: 5

name: Salad-281
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: lettuce kale mesclun
addons: eggs
sides: cucumbers
prep: 18
cook: 2

name: Entree-282
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: salmon beef
addons: rice
sides: milk
prep: 17
cook: 122

name: Entree-283
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: goat scallops
addons: beets
sides: cheese eggs
prep: 47
cook: 34

name: Entree-284
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: tempeh beef
addons: mushrooms
sides: beans eggs
prep: 42
cook: 54

name: Entree-285
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: salmon tempeh
addons: potatoes
sides: milk
prep: 31
cook: 52

name: Entree-286
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: chicken
addons: mushrooms
sides: milk
prep: 33
cook: 47

name: Appetizer-287
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: beef scallops
addons: peas
sides: spinach cheese
prep: 21
cook: 5

name: Salad-288
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: spinach kale
addons: eggs
sides: cucumbers
prep: 11
cook: 8

name: Salad-289
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: mesclun
addons: radishes
sides: carrots cucumbers
prep: 18
cook: 6

name: Salad-290
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: spinach mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms carrots
prep: 10
cook: 3

name: Entree-291
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: salmon beef shrimp
addons: beets
sides: eggs cheese
prep: 15
cook: 52

name: Salad-292
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: mesclun lettuce mesclun
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers
prep: 5
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-293
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: chicken
addons: eggs
sides: spinach
prep: 35
cook: 19

name: Entree-294
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp lamb
addons: rice
sides: milk
prep: 33
cook: 87

name: Entree-295
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: tempeh
addons: rice
sides: cheese eggs
prep: 37
cook: 106

name: Entree-296
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: scallops chicken
addons: broccoli
sides: peas eggs
prep: 22
cook: 111

name: Salad-297
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: arugula arugula
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers
prep: 16
cook: 8

name: Entree-298
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: scallops goat
addons: potatoes
sides: eggs eggs
prep: 48
cook: 64

name: Salad-299
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: kale
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers potatoes
prep: 17
cook: 10

name: Appetizer-300
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: chicken beef shrimp
addons: rice
sides: spinach
prep: 28
cook: 8

name: Entree-301
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: tempeh
addons: rice
sides: cheese beans
prep: 38
cook: 15

name: Entree-302
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: tofu salmon goat
addons: potatoes
sides: milk milk
prep: 18
cook: 5

name: Entree-303
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: goat goat
addons: peas
sides: peas peas
prep: 25
cook: 104

name: Salad-304
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: mesclun lettuce
addons: eggs
sides: carrots mushrooms
prep: 15
cook: 9

name: Entree-305
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: lamb goat
addons: rice
sides: eggs
prep: 23
cook: 17

name: Salad-306
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: lettuce chard chard
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 17
cook: 4

name: Appetizer-307
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: chicken scallops tofu
addons: peas
sides: mushrooms
prep: 10
cook: 11

name: Appetizer-308
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp tofu
addons: cheese
sides: beans
prep: 25
cook: 24

name: Entree-309
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: tempeh beef salmon
addons: beets
sides: beans cheese
prep: 53
cook: 40

name: Appetizer-310
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: chicken beef tofu
addons: peas
sides: spinach
prep: 34
cook: 23

name: Appetizer-311
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp
addons: cheese
sides: cheese
prep: 18
cook: 5

name: Entree-312
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: chicken
addons: peas
sides: cheese peas
prep: 43
cook: 77

name: Salad-313
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: chard chard
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers potatoes
prep: 12
cook: 5

name: Entree-314
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: tofu scallops
addons: spinach
sides: beans
prep: 26
cook: 41

name: Salad-315
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: kale
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms carrots
prep: 9
cook: 6

name: Salad-316
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: arugula
addons: scallions
sides: carrots
prep: 7
cook: 4

name: Salad-317
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: spinach
addons: cheese
sides: carrots
prep: 19
cook: 9

name: Salad-318
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: mesclun arugula
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 6
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-319
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: chicken chicken
addons: rice
sides: spinach spinach
prep: 31
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-320
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: chicken
addons: cheese
sides: spinach
prep: 30
cook: 18

name: Entree-321
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: tofu tofu
addons: beets
sides: milk
prep: 48
cook: 30

name: Appetizer-322
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: scallops beef chicken
addons: eggs
sides: cheese
prep: 16
cook: 19

name: Appetizer-323
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: tofu beef
addons: cheese
sides: beans
prep: 38
cook: 9

name: Salad-324
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: chard
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers cucumbers
prep: 13
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-325
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: tofu chicken
addons: eggs
sides: beans mushrooms
prep: 34
cook: 14

name: Entree-326
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: chicken shrimp
addons: spinach
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 53
cook: 113

name: Entree-327
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: scallops beef salmon
addons: peas
sides: milk milk
prep: 16
cook: 78

name: Entree-328
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: salmon scallops
addons: spinach
sides: milk beans
prep: 52
cook: 101

name: Entree-329
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: tofu tempeh tofu
addons: spinach
sides: peas milk
prep: 25
cook: 43

name: Entree-330
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: salmon beef salmon
addons: cauliflower
sides: peas eggs
prep: 28
cook: 26

name: Appetizer-331
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: beef chicken beef
addons: cheese
sides: cheese spinach
prep: 28
cook: 15

name: Appetizer-332
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: shrimp shrimp
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms
prep: 21
cook: 7

name: Salad-333
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: lettuce kale
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers
prep: 9
cook: 9

name: Salad-334
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: lettuce
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms
prep: 9
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-335
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: tofu shrimp tofu
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms
prep: 17
cook: 19

name: Entree-336
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: scallops lamb
addons: cucumber
sides: beans peas
prep: 36
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-337
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: beef tofu
addons: peas
sides: beans mushrooms
prep: 20
cook: 8

name: Salad-338
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes
prep: 16
cook: 10

name: Salad-339
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: lettuce lettuce spinach
addons: cheese
sides: carrots
prep: 8
cook: 10

name: Appetizer-340
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: tofu chicken tofu
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms cheese
prep: 25
cook: 11

name: Entree-341
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: tempeh
addons: beans
sides: milk
prep: 32
cook: 55

name: Appetizer-342
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: scallops
addons: rice
sides: spinach
prep: 39
cook: 15

name: Entree-343
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: scallops tempeh scallops
addons: spinach
sides: peas peas
prep: 27
cook: 13

name: Salad-344
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: arugula
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes mushrooms
prep: 7
cook: 4

name: Salad-345
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: kale
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers carrots
prep: 7
cook: 5

name: Appetizer-346
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: tofu beef tofu
addons: rice
sides: beans mushrooms
prep: 19
cook: 13

name: Entree-347
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: lamb tofu
addons: beets
sides: milk beans
prep: 15
cook: 97

name: Entree-348
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: tofu beef goat
addons: rice
sides: eggs
prep: 55
cook: 88

name: Salad-349
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: spinach arugula
addons: eggs
sides: carrots
prep: 12
cook: 9

name: Entree-350
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: tofu chicken
addons: mushrooms
sides: eggs
prep: 41
cook: 44

name: Appetizer-351
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: shrimp shrimp chicken
addons: rice
sides: spinach cheese
prep: 31
cook: 7

name: Salad-352
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: arugula arugula
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers
prep: 14
cook: 5

name: Appetizer-353
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: beef chicken chicken
addons: peas
sides: cheese spinach
prep: 35
cook: 20

name: Salad-354
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: chard spinach
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers
prep: 16
cook: 7

name: Entree-355
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: tempeh tofu
addons: beets
sides: beans eggs
prep: 18
cook: 33

name: Appetizer-356
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: tofu beef scallops
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms spinach
prep: 21
cook: 15

name: Appetizer-357
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: tofu chicken
addons: cheese
sides: spinach cheese
prep: 33
cook: 22

name: Entree-358
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: tofu
addons: beets
sides: peas eggs
prep: 37
cook: 121

name: Salad-359
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 7
cook: 5

name: Appetizer-360
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: chicken tofu
addons: eggs
sides: spinach beans
prep: 27
cook: 20

name: Entree-361
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: salmon
addons: peas
sides: cheese
prep: 51
cook: 62

name: Salad-362
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: spinach
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes
prep: 9
cook: 1

name: Salad-363
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: carrots
prep: 18
cook: 3

name: Salad-364
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: chard kale arugula
addons: eggs
sides: carrots potatoes
prep: 18
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-365
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: beef scallops
addons: cheese
sides: spinach
prep: 35
cook: 17

name: Appetizer-366
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: chicken
addons: peas
sides: spinach
prep: 24
cook: 13

name: Appetizer-367
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: chicken beef scallops
addons: cheese
sides: spinach
prep: 38
cook: 23

name: Appetizer-368
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: tofu
addons: peas
sides: mushrooms
prep: 15
cook: 12

name: Entree-369
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: beef
addons: spinach
sides: peas peas
prep: 47
cook: 27

name: Salad-370
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: mesclun kale kale
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms
prep: 5
cook: 10

name: Entree-371
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: goat lamb tofu
addons: beans
sides: eggs milk
prep: 32
cook: 23

name: Appetizer-372
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: shrimp
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms
prep: 32
cook: 23

name: Appetizer-373
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: scallops tofu chicken
addons: eggs
sides: cheese
prep: 25
cook: 22

name: Salad-374
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: mesclun lettuce
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes potatoes
prep: 6
cook: 1

name: Entree-375
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: tempeh lamb tempeh
addons: potatoes
sides: peas milk
prep: 30
cook: 109

name: Appetizer-376
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: shrimp tofu
addons: cheese
sides: beans
prep: 33
cook: 21

name: Salad-377
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: chard spinach arugula
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers mushrooms
prep: 13
cook: 10

name: Appetizer-378
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: chicken
addons: cheese
sides: spinach mushrooms
prep: 23
cook: 12

name: Appetizer-379
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: tofu scallops
addons: rice
sides: mushrooms cheese
prep: 24
cook: 6

name: Entree-380
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: beef lamb lamb
addons: broccoli
sides: beans
prep: 55
cook: 31

name: Salad-381
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: lettuce spinach
addons: scallions
sides: carrots
prep: 7
cook: 2

name: Appetizer-382
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: chicken shrimp chicken
addons: rice
sides: beans
prep: 14
cook: 14

name: Salad-383
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: arugula
addons: eggs
sides: cucumbers
prep: 10
cook: 3

name: Entree-384
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: tempeh shrimp
addons: cucumber
sides: cheese beans
prep: 58
cook: 84

name: Entree-385
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: beef goat
addons: potatoes
sides: beans peas
prep: 43
cook: 52

name: Entree-386
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: shrimp
addons: peas
sides: eggs
prep: 46
cook: 107

name: Salad-387
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: arugula
addons: radishes
sides: mushrooms
prep: 7
cook: 5

name: Salad-388
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: arugula
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers
prep: 8
cook: 7

name: Salad-389
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: spinach
addons: cheese
sides: carrots cucumbers
prep: 5
cook: 5

name: Entree-390
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: lamb
addons: peas
sides: milk
prep: 23
cook: 22

name: Appetizer-391
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: shrimp shrimp shrimp
addons: rice
sides: cheese
prep: 27
cook: 21

name: Appetizer-392
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: beef tofu scallops
addons: cheese
sides: cheese beans
prep: 17
cook: 17

name: Appetizer-393
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: chicken beef
addons: cheese
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 25
cook: 10

name: Entree-394
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: lamb
addons: spinach
sides: eggs eggs
prep: 24
cook: 97

name: Appetizer-395
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: scallops tofu beef
addons: cheese
sides: beans
prep: 13
cook: 7

name: Entree-396
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: scallops lamb
addons: beans
sides: peas
prep: 58
cook: 17

name: Salad-397
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: chard
addons: eggs
sides: carrots potatoes
prep: 9
cook: 5

name: Entree-398
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: tempeh beef tempeh
addons: spinach
sides: cheese
prep: 50
cook: 116

name: Entree-399
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: chicken scallops goat
addons: peas
sides: eggs
prep: 28
cook: 41

name: Entree-400
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: tofu shrimp salmon
addons: carrots
sides: cheese
prep: 37
cook: 28

name: Appetizer-401
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: scallops tofu
addons: eggs
sides: cheese
prep: 11
cook: 18

name: Salad-402
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: arugula
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms carrots
prep: 12
cook: 5

name: Entree-403
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: tempeh
addons: cucumber
sides: beans
prep: 32
cook: 112

name: Entree-404
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: tempeh
addons: rice
sides: milk
prep: 19
cook: 122

name: Salad-405
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: lettuce mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms cucumbers
prep: 8
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-406
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: beef shrimp beef
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms spinach
prep: 33
cook: 7

name: Salad-407
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: spinach
addons: eggs
sides: carrots potatoes
prep: 18
cook: 5

name: Salad-408
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: chard mesclun arugula
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes cucumbers
prep: 11
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-409
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: tofu tofu
addons: peas
sides: cheese
prep: 10
cook: 22

name: Entree-410
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: beef
addons: mushrooms
sides: milk eggs
prep: 50
cook: 82

name: Entree-411
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: salmon tempeh
addons: beets
sides: beans cheese
prep: 40
cook: 63

name: Appetizer-412
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: chicken
addons: eggs
sides: cheese
prep: 15
cook: 15

name: Salad-413
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: carrots potatoes
prep: 15
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-414
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: scallops chicken scallops
addons: cheese
sides: spinach spinach
prep: 19
cook: 19

name: Entree-415
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: salmon goat
addons: beets
sides: milk eggs
prep: 39
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-416
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: scallops
addons: peas
sides: beans
prep: 35
cook: 6

name: Salad-417
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: spinach kale
addons: eggs
sides: carrots
prep: 11
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-418
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: beef
addons: cheese
sides: beans mushrooms
prep: 27
cook: 8

name: Salad-419
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: spinach
addons: scallions
sides: potatoes mushrooms
prep: 11
cook: 4

name: Salad-420
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: chard
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms
prep: 19
cook: 5

name: Entree-421
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: goat lamb beef
addons: potatoes
sides: cheese eggs
prep: 50
cook: 12

name: Salad-422
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: chard
addons: radishes
sides: mushrooms
prep: 15
cook: 1

name: Salad-423
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: arugula arugula
addons: scallions
sides: carrots potatoes
prep: 18
cook: 3

name: Entree-424
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: lamb goat scallops
addons: carrots
sides: milk peas
prep: 48
cook: 28

name: Salad-425
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: mesclun chard
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers
prep: 14
cook: 7

name: Salad-426
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: lettuce kale mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers
prep: 10
cook: 5

name: Appetizer-427
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: chicken tofu
addons: rice
sides: mushrooms cheese
prep: 31
cook: 15

name: Appetizer-428
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: shrimp scallops scallops
addons: cheese
sides: beans
prep: 15
cook: 7

name: Appetizer-429
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: scallops
addons: rice
sides: cheese
prep: 11
cook: 20

name: Salad-430
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: chard mesclun
addons: eggs
sides: carrots
prep: 14
cook: 2

name: Entree-431
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: shrimp
addons: potatoes
sides: milk peas
prep: 28
cook: 31

name: Entree-432
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: tempeh lamb tofu
addons: potatoes
sides: cheese milk
prep: 22
cook: 60

name: Salad-433
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: mesclun
addons: eggs
sides: carrots
prep: 15
cook: 1

name: Entree-434
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: chicken shrimp
addons: broccoli
sides: milk
prep: 28
cook: 116

name: Salad-435
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: chard mesclun arugula
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers
prep: 17
cook: 1

name: Salad-436
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: spinach mesclun
addons: scallions
sides: potatoes
prep: 8
cook: 1

name: Salad-437
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: kale kale spinach
addons: scallions
sides: carrots carrots
prep: 9
cook: 3

name: Salad-438
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: kale spinach
addons: scallions
sides: potatoes
prep: 17
cook: 5

name: Salad-439
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: spinach kale kale
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers
prep: 18
cook: 4

name: Salad-440
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: mesclun
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers
prep: 14
cook: 4

name: Salad-441
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: mesclun mesclun
addons: scallions
sides: potatoes
prep: 5
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-442
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: chicken chicken tofu
addons: eggs
sides: beans cheese
prep: 18
cook: 16

name: Appetizer-443
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: shrimp beef chicken
addons: peas
sides: beans
prep: 33
cook: 16

name: Appetizer-444
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: beef
addons: peas
sides: beans mushrooms
prep: 39
cook: 17

name: Salad-445
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: mesclun spinach chard
addons: scallions
sides: potatoes
prep: 13
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-446
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: chicken chicken
addons: rice
sides: mushrooms
prep: 13
cook: 10

name: Appetizer-447
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: tofu tofu tofu
addons: peas
sides: cheese spinach
prep: 17
cook: 12

name: Salad-448
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: spinach kale chard
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms
prep: 18
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-449
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: chicken
addons: cheese
sides: spinach
prep: 26
cook: 19

name: Appetizer-450
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: tofu beef tofu
addons: peas
sides: beans spinach
prep: 30
cook: 19

name: Salad-451
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: kale
addons: scallions
sides: carrots potatoes
prep: 7
cook: 10

name: Appetizer-452
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: tofu
addons: rice
sides: spinach
prep: 11
cook: 16

name: Salad-453
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: spinach arugula
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes cucumbers
prep: 10
cook: 2

name: Salad-454
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: kale lettuce lettuce
addons: scallions
sides: potatoes
prep: 8
cook: 3

name: Appetizer-455
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: beef tofu
addons: peas
sides: spinach
prep: 24
cook: 22

name: Salad-456
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: mesclun kale kale
addons: eggs
sides: cucumbers
prep: 18
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-457
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: tofu
addons: peas
sides: spinach cheese
prep: 35
cook: 15

name: Entree-458
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: beef beef
addons: peas
sides: milk
prep: 30
cook: 79

name: Salad-459
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: spinach chard
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes carrots
prep: 19
cook: 1

name: Appetizer-460
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: scallops beef
addons: cheese
sides: cheese
prep: 27
cook: 7

name: Entree-461
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: goat beef
addons: rice
sides: cheese
prep: 49
cook: 77

name: Appetizer-462
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: shrimp
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms spinach
prep: 27
cook: 14

name: Appetizer-463
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: chicken tofu
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms
prep: 35
cook: 17

name: Appetizer-464
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: scallops scallops
addons: peas
sides: cheese
prep: 11
cook: 8

name: Entree-465
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: beef beef
addons: mushrooms
sides: eggs beans
prep: 51
cook: 23

name: Entree-466
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: lamb goat
addons: peas
sides: eggs peas
prep: 49
cook: 79

name: Salad-467
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: arugula spinach chard
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms
prep: 5
cook: 2

name: Appetizer-468
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: scallops
addons: eggs
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 38
cook: 15

name: Salad-469
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: lettuce kale
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers
prep: 12
cook: 3

name: Salad-470
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: mesclun mesclun mesclun
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers
prep: 16
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-471
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: tofu chicken
addons: cheese
sides: cheese mushrooms
prep: 27
cook: 24

name: Appetizer-472
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: chicken scallops
addons: rice
sides: spinach spinach
prep: 17
cook: 6

name: Entree-473
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: salmon
addons: carrots
sides: milk beans
prep: 24
cook: 99

name: Appetizer-474
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: shrimp chicken
addons: eggs
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 29
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-475
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: scallops tofu
addons: cheese
sides: cheese spinach
prep: 25
cook: 15

name: Salad-476
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: arugula lettuce
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes carrots
prep: 7
cook: 10

name: Entree-477
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: chicken tofu goat
addons: carrots
sides: peas milk
prep: 28
cook: 79

name: Entree-478
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: lamb lamb lamb
addons: cauliflower
sides: milk
prep: 50
cook: 80

name: Entree-479
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: beef shrimp tempeh
addons: carrots
sides: eggs eggs
prep: 57
cook: 35

name: Salad-480
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: chard
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes
prep: 15
cook: 9

name: Salad-481
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: kale mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms
prep: 9
cook: 3

name: Appetizer-482
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: beef
addons: eggs
sides: cheese mushrooms
prep: 34
cook: 20

name: Salad-483
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: spinach
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes
prep: 19
cook: 3

name: Appetizer-484
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: chicken scallops tofu
addons: peas
sides: beans
prep: 23
cook: 20

name: Salad-485
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: lettuce
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms carrots
prep: 15
cook: 9

name: Salad-486
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: kale
addons: eggs
sides: cucumbers
prep: 5
cook: 4

name: Salad-487
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: spinach lettuce
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes
prep: 7
cook: 8

name: Salad-488
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: lettuce
addons: scallions
sides: carrots mushrooms
prep: 12
cook: 8

name: Salad-489
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: kale
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes carrots
prep: 9
cook: 1

name: Appetizer-490
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: tofu beef beef
addons: peas
sides: beans beans
prep: 39
cook: 22

name: Entree-491
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: lamb beef shrimp
addons: carrots
sides: eggs cheese
prep: 56
cook: 121

name: Appetizer-492
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: shrimp
addons: peas
sides: spinach
prep: 27
cook: 12

name: Appetizer-493
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: tofu beef beef
addons: rice
sides: mushrooms beans
prep: 35
cook: 14

name: Appetizer-494
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: shrimp
addons: eggs
sides: beans beans
prep: 33
cook: 22

name: Salad-495
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: kale
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes potatoes
prep: 14
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-496
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: scallops scallops tofu
addons: peas
sides: cheese
prep: 11
cook: 23

name: Entree-497
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: beef goat tofu
addons: mushrooms
sides: cheese
prep: 30
cook: 114

name: Entree-498
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: scallops chicken lamb
addons: potatoes
sides: beans milk
prep: 21
cook: 93

name: Appetizer-499
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: shrimp tofu scallops
addons: peas
sides: cheese
prep: 22
cook: 20

name: Appetizer-500
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: scallops tofu beef
addons: peas
sides: spinach beans
prep: 37
cook: 18

name: Salad-501
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: spinach lettuce chard
addons: eggs
sides: carrots cucumbers
prep: 15
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-502
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: chicken scallops tofu
addons: cheese
sides: cheese mushrooms
prep: 15
cook: 18

name: Entree-503
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: goat tempeh
addons: beets
sides: cheese milk
prep: 20
cook: 114

name: Appetizer-504
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: scallops
addons: eggs
sides: beans
prep: 11
cook: 12

name: Salad-505
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: arugula mesclun arugula
addons: eggs
sides: carrots carrots
prep: 10
cook: 8

name: Entree-506
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp
addons: beans
sides: peas eggs
prep: 23
cook: 74

name: Entree-507
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: tempeh
addons: carrots
sides: beans milk
prep: 52
cook: 38

name: Salad-508
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: lettuce
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers
prep: 12
cook: 7

name: Entree-509
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: beef goat chicken
addons: peas
sides: cheese peas
prep: 57
cook: 67

name: Salad-510
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: kale spinach
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes
prep: 14
cook: 1

name: Appetizer-511
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: beef
addons: peas
sides: spinach
prep: 11
cook: 14

name: Appetizer-512
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: chicken shrimp beef
addons: cheese
sides: spinach
prep: 17
cook: 22

name: Salad-513
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: spinach
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms carrots
prep: 13
cook: 6

name: Entree-514
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: tofu shrimp salmon
addons: beans
sides: beans peas
prep: 45
cook: 29

name: Salad-515
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: kale chard chard
addons: scallions
sides: carrots carrots
prep: 14
cook: 10

name: Entree-516
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: scallops
addons: peas
sides: cheese
prep: 35
cook: 19

name: Salad-517
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: spinach
addons: scallions
sides: carrots carrots
prep: 12
cook: 9

name: Entree-518
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: tempeh
addons: beets
sides: beans
prep: 24
cook: 55

name: Salad-519
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: lettuce arugula
addons: eggs
sides: carrots
prep: 9
cook: 2

name: Appetizer-520
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: chicken chicken tofu
addons: cheese
sides: beans spinach
prep: 12
cook: 15

name: Entree-521
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: tofu goat shrimp
addons: broccoli
sides: beans
prep: 32
cook: 101

name: Salad-522
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: mesclun
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers carrots
prep: 5
cook: 8

name: Salad-523
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: mesclun mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 11
cook: 8

name: Salad-524
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: chard arugula
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers
prep: 9
cook: 5

name: Entree-525
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: chicken tempeh scallops
addons: broccoli
sides: eggs
prep: 55
cook: 56

name: Appetizer-526
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: tofu scallops chicken
addons: eggs
sides: beans spinach
prep: 23
cook: 8

name: Salad-527
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: kale lettuce
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers
prep: 18
cook: 3

name: Salad-528
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: chard lettuce chard
addons: eggs
sides: cucumbers
prep: 12
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-529
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: tofu beef scallops
addons: peas
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 39
cook: 7

name: Salad-530
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: arugula
addons: radishes
sides: carrots carrots
prep: 12
cook: 4

name: Entree-531
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: beef
addons: broccoli
sides: peas cheese
prep: 52
cook: 12

name: Entree-532
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: beef
addons: mushrooms
sides: eggs
prep: 57
cook: 18

name: Entree-533
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: shrimp chicken chicken
addons: broccoli
sides: milk
prep: 21
cook: 56

name: Salad-534
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: mesclun
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes
prep: 18
cook: 7

name: Entree-535
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: tempeh
addons: beans
sides: beans beans
prep: 55
cook: 54

name: Entree-536
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: tofu
addons: cucumber
sides: beans cheese
prep: 35
cook: 67

name: Entree-537
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: tofu beef
addons: beans
sides: eggs
prep: 22
cook: 40

name: Entree-538
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: lamb shrimp
addons: carrots
sides: peas
prep: 20
cook: 117

name: Salad-539
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: mesclun
addons: scallions
sides: carrots
prep: 11
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-540
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: beef
addons: cheese
sides: beans
prep: 14
cook: 12

name: Salad-541
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: arugula arugula
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms cucumbers
prep: 8
cook: 10

name: Salad-542
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: chard lettuce mesclun
addons: eggs
sides: carrots carrots
prep: 6
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-543
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: shrimp tofu tofu
addons: cheese
sides: cheese beans
prep: 27
cook: 19

name: Salad-544
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: spinach mesclun lettuce
addons: radishes
sides: carrots potatoes
prep: 16
cook: 1

name: Salad-545
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: arugula lettuce
addons: eggs
sides: carrots carrots
prep: 17
cook: 2

name: Appetizer-546
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp
addons: eggs
sides: spinach spinach
prep: 18
cook: 18

name: Entree-547
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: salmon
addons: peas
sides: milk eggs
prep: 24
cook: 28

name: Appetizer-548
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: beef beef
addons: cheese
sides: beans spinach
prep: 34
cook: 9

name: Entree-549
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: scallops tofu scallops
addons: mushrooms
sides: milk
prep: 17
cook: 50

name: Appetizer-550
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: chicken tofu tofu
addons: rice
sides: spinach cheese
prep: 39
cook: 23

name: Salad-551
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: lettuce chard arugula
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers cucumbers
prep: 10
cook: 2

name: Entree-552
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: scallops beef scallops
addons: mushrooms
sides: peas
prep: 29
cook: 59

name: Salad-553
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: spinach
addons: cheese
sides: carrots cucumbers
prep: 9
cook: 4

name: Salad-554
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: lettuce
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes
prep: 18
cook: 5

name: Appetizer-555
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: shrimp
addons: rice
sides: beans
prep: 12
cook: 23

name: Salad-556
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: arugula
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes mushrooms
prep: 16
cook: 8

name: Salad-557
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: arugula mesclun lettuce
addons: eggs
sides: carrots
prep: 7
cook: 4

name: Appetizer-558
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: scallops scallops scallops
addons: eggs
sides: spinach
prep: 30
cook: 12

name: Entree-559
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: tempeh
addons: peas
sides: milk
prep: 25
cook: 34

name: Entree-560
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: beef chicken
addons: carrots
sides: beans cheese
prep: 42
cook: 91

name: Entree-561
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: tofu shrimp beef
addons: rice
sides: beans
prep: 57
cook: 108

name: Salad-562
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: mesclun
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms
prep: 10
cook: 2

name: Appetizer-563
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: scallops tofu
addons: cheese
sides: spinach cheese
prep: 35
cook: 13

name: Salad-564
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: lettuce mesclun
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 17
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-565
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: tofu scallops
addons: eggs
sides: cheese
prep: 26
cook: 19

name: Appetizer-566
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: chicken shrimp scallops
addons: rice
sides: beans
prep: 29
cook: 10

name: Appetizer-567
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: beef chicken tofu
addons: rice
sides: mushrooms
prep: 23
cook: 8

name: Salad-568
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: kale spinach
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers carrots
prep: 17
cook: 10

name: Appetizer-569
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: tofu scallops beef
addons: peas
sides: beans
prep: 31
cook: 21

name: Entree-570
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: tofu goat
addons: carrots
sides: peas
prep: 19
cook: 21

name: Entree-571
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: beef salmon shrimp
addons: cucumber
sides: beans eggs
prep: 53
cook: 71

name: Salad-572
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: arugula
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 14
cook: 6

name: Entree-573
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: tofu chicken salmon
addons: potatoes
sides: beans cheese
prep: 38
cook: 92

name: Entree-574
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: tempeh
addons: rice
sides: peas
prep: 27
cook: 31

name: Entree-575
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp lamb
addons: cauliflower
sides: beans
prep: 31
cook: 71

name: Appetizer-576
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: shrimp shrimp scallops
addons: cheese
sides: cheese mushrooms
prep: 17
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-577
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: chicken chicken
addons: cheese
sides: cheese
prep: 12
cook: 21

name: Appetizer-578
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: chicken
addons: eggs
sides: spinach spinach
prep: 12
cook: 6

name: Salad-579
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: kale lettuce
addons: radishes
sides: mushrooms cucumbers
prep: 16
cook: 2

name: Salad-580
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: kale chard
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes mushrooms
prep: 8
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-581
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: shrimp beef scallops
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms cheese
prep: 30
cook: 12

name: Salad-582
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: spinach
addons: radishes
sides: mushrooms carrots
prep: 14
cook: 5

name: Entree-583
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: tofu
addons: cucumber
sides: peas
prep: 50
cook: 76

name: Appetizer-584
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: tofu
addons: rice
sides: mushrooms
prep: 21
cook: 10

name: Salad-585
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: spinach spinach
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 9
cook: 3

name: Salad-586
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: arugula arugula chard
addons: cheese
sides: carrots
prep: 18
cook: 4

name: Salad-587
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: arugula chard mesclun
addons: eggs
sides: carrots
prep: 11
cook: 4

name: Entree-588
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: tempeh beef
addons: beans
sides: beans
prep: 46
cook: 74

name: Entree-589
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: tofu tofu scallops
addons: cauliflower
sides: peas peas
prep: 50
cook: 91

name: Salad-590
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: lettuce
addons: eggs
sides: carrots
prep: 11
cook: 7

name: Salad-591
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: arugula lettuce mesclun
addons: eggs
sides: carrots potatoes
prep: 13
cook: 4

name: Entree-592
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: salmon
addons: peas
sides: eggs
prep: 57
cook: 115

name: Appetizer-593
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: shrimp beef chicken
addons: rice
sides: beans
prep: 30
cook: 13

name: Salad-594
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: spinach arugula
addons: radishes
sides: carrots
prep: 7
cook: 2

name: Salad-595
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: spinach arugula chard
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers
prep: 13
cook: 8

name: Salad-596
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: arugula chard mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: carrots
prep: 9
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-597
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: chicken scallops
addons: cheese
sides: spinach
prep: 17
cook: 19

name: Salad-598
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: arugula arugula lettuce
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes
prep: 6
cook: 6

name: Salad-599
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: arugula spinach
addons: scallions
sides: carrots
prep: 9
cook: 8

name: Entree-600
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: lamb lamb tofu
addons: rice
sides: milk
prep: 45
cook: 80

name: Entree-601
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: tofu lamb
addons: rice
sides: cheese beans
prep: 59
cook: 32

name: Appetizer-602
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: beef
addons: peas
sides: cheese
prep: 28
cook: 23

name: Salad-603
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: spinach chard kale
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms cucumbers
prep: 9
cook: 9

name: Salad-604
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: kale
addons: eggs
sides: carrots
prep: 7
cook: 3

name: Appetizer-605
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: beef
addons: eggs
sides: beans spinach
prep: 26
cook: 21

name: Appetizer-606
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp chicken
addons: eggs
sides: beans
prep: 32
cook: 18

name: Appetizer-607
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: beef shrimp tofu
addons: rice
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 18
cook: 8

name: Salad-608
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: arugula chard
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes
prep: 10
cook: 3

name: Entree-609
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: scallops scallops
addons: peas
sides: beans
prep: 27
cook: 18

name: Appetizer-610
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp
addons: eggs
sides: spinach beans
prep: 13
cook: 17

name: Appetizer-611
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: beef shrimp shrimp
addons: eggs
sides: beans
prep: 24
cook: 22

name: Salad-612
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: arugula spinach lettuce
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers carrots
prep: 13
cook: 9

name: Entree-613
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: shrimp
addons: potatoes
sides: peas
prep: 16
cook: 93

name: Appetizer-614
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: shrimp
addons: rice
sides: mushrooms
prep: 17
cook: 13

name: Entree-615
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: goat salmon chicken
addons: beans
sides: beans
prep: 18
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-616
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: shrimp tofu
addons: rice
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 26
cook: 18

name: Entree-617
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: shrimp
addons: spinach
sides: peas
prep: 49
cook: 79

name: Entree-618
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: chicken tempeh
addons: peas
sides: peas
prep: 21
cook: 60

name: Appetizer-619
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: chicken beef chicken
addons: peas
sides: mushrooms
prep: 11
cook: 13

name: Appetizer-620
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: chicken beef
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms
prep: 31
cook: 5

name: Entree-621
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: chicken
addons: potatoes
sides: milk milk
prep: 19
cook: 27

name: Entree-622
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: chicken scallops
addons: peas
sides: peas cheese
prep: 35
cook: 65

name: Appetizer-623
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: shrimp chicken
addons: rice
sides: beans mushrooms
prep: 34
cook: 19

name: Appetizer-624
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: tofu scallops beef
addons: cheese
sides: beans beans
prep: 36
cook: 23

name: Appetizer-625
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: scallops
addons: peas
sides: cheese
prep: 31
cook: 21

name: Salad-626
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: chard spinach
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms
prep: 10
cook: 9

name: Salad-627
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: chard mesclun
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes
prep: 19
cook: 1

name: Entree-628
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: goat goat
addons: peas
sides: peas
prep: 45
cook: 110

name: Appetizer-629
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: scallops chicken scallops
addons: eggs
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 10
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-630
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: beef shrimp
addons: cheese
sides: cheese beans
prep: 30
cook: 16

name: Salad-631
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: chard lettuce arugula
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers cucumbers
prep: 9
cook: 3

name: Appetizer-632
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: chicken beef beef
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms
prep: 10
cook: 9

name: Salad-633
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: mesclun chard
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms cucumbers
prep: 12
cook: 2

name: Appetizer-634
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: tofu tofu shrimp
addons: eggs
sides: beans
prep: 23
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-635
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: scallops shrimp scallops
addons: eggs
sides: spinach beans
prep: 33
cook: 7

name: Appetizer-636
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: scallops
addons: peas
sides: beans
prep: 24
cook: 19

name: Appetizer-637
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: chicken shrimp
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms
prep: 33
cook: 5

name: Entree-638
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: lamb
addons: spinach
sides: cheese
prep: 57
cook: 68

name: Salad-639
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: spinach
addons: scallions
sides: carrots
prep: 9
cook: 7

name: Entree-640
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: scallops
addons: cauliflower
sides: milk peas
prep: 41
cook: 81

name: Entree-641
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: beef
addons: cucumber
sides: beans cheese
prep: 20
cook: 37

name: Appetizer-642
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: tofu chicken
addons: cheese
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 25
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-643
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: tofu beef tofu
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms
prep: 13
cook: 22

name: Entree-644
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: shrimp
addons: rice
sides: milk
prep: 57
cook: 33

name: Salad-645
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: mesclun chard
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes mushrooms
prep: 5
cook: 4

name: Salad-646
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: mesclun spinach chard
addons: radishes
sides: carrots
prep: 9
cook: 8

name: Entree-647
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: shrimp
addons: potatoes
sides: cheese
prep: 52
cook: 93

name: Salad-648
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: lettuce kale
addons: eggs
sides: carrots
prep: 18
cook: 10

name: Appetizer-649
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: chicken beef beef
addons: rice
sides: beans beans
prep: 26
cook: 12

name: Appetizer-650
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: chicken beef chicken
addons: peas
sides: beans cheese
prep: 23
cook: 15

name: Entree-651
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: beef
addons: cauliflower
sides: peas
prep: 37
cook: 63

name: Entree-652
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: lamb
addons: peas
sides: beans
prep: 26
cook: 34

name: Salad-653
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: spinach
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes
prep: 8
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-654
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: scallops tofu
addons: peas
sides: beans cheese
prep: 26
cook: 17

name: Appetizer-655
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: chicken shrimp
addons: peas
sides: beans
prep: 39
cook: 15

name: Salad-656
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: spinach
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes
prep: 15
cook: 7

name: Salad-657
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: kale
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes carrots
prep: 17
cook: 7

name: Appetizer-658
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: shrimp chicken
addons: rice
sides: cheese spinach
prep: 33
cook: 21

name: Salad-659
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: mesclun kale
addons: cheese
sides: carrots
prep: 15
cook: 3

name: Appetizer-660
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: shrimp tofu tofu
addons: peas
sides: mushrooms
prep: 33
cook: 24

name: Appetizer-661
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: beef
addons: rice
sides: spinach cheese
prep: 34
cook: 16

name: Salad-662
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: arugula
addons: cheese
sides: carrots cucumbers
prep: 7
cook: 3

name: Entree-663
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: goat
addons: peas
sides: peas cheese
prep: 45
cook: 86

name: Salad-664
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: chard
addons: scallions
sides: potatoes mushrooms
prep: 19
cook: 4

name: Entree-665
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: beef salmon chicken
addons: potatoes
sides: beans beans
prep: 55
cook: 8

name: Salad-666
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: arugula mesclun arugula
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers
prep: 15
cook: 8

name: Salad-667
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: lettuce mesclun
addons: eggs
sides: cucumbers mushrooms
prep: 15
cook: 4

name: Salad-668
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: chard
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes
prep: 9
cook: 7

name: Salad-669
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: mesclun mesclun mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms potatoes
prep: 19
cook: 2

name: Salad-670
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: spinach kale arugula
addons: scallions
sides: potatoes cucumbers
prep: 8
cook: 5

name: Appetizer-671
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: tofu scallops chicken
addons: peas
sides: cheese spinach
prep: 37
cook: 16

name: Appetizer-672
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: shrimp chicken
addons: cheese
sides: spinach cheese
prep: 12
cook: 12

name: Salad-673
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: mesclun lettuce
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers carrots
prep: 15
cook: 4

name: Entree-674
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: scallops
addons: peas
sides: peas
prep: 17
cook: 15

name: Entree-675
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: tofu
addons: carrots
sides: peas cheese
prep: 23
cook: 80

name: Entree-676
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: beef beef shrimp
addons: beets
sides: milk eggs
prep: 21
cook: 86

name: Salad-677
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: lettuce
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers carrots
prep: 15
cook: 5

name: Entree-678
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: chicken
addons: peas
sides: cheese
prep: 59
cook: 104

name: Appetizer-679
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: chicken beef
addons: peas
sides: mushrooms cheese
prep: 10
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-680
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: chicken
addons: eggs
sides: cheese
prep: 15
cook: 22

name: Salad-681
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: mesclun
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes cucumbers
prep: 14
cook: 9

name: Entree-682
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: shrimp goat salmon
addons: peas
sides: beans beans
prep: 53
cook: 59

name: Entree-683
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: lamb tempeh
addons: cauliflower
sides: cheese
prep: 38
cook: 86

name: Salad-684
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: chard spinach
addons: eggs
sides: cucumbers
prep: 6
cook: 4

name: Salad-685
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: lettuce
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers
prep: 8
cook: 1

name: Entree-686
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: goat chicken salmon
addons: cauliflower
sides: milk
prep: 26
cook: 26

name: Salad-687
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: spinach chard
addons: cheese
sides: carrots
prep: 19
cook: 6

name: Entree-688
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: shrimp salmon
addons: beans
sides: milk
prep: 47
cook: 113

name: Salad-689
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: mesclun arugula
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 18
cook: 7

name: Salad-690
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: lettuce arugula chard
addons: radishes
sides: carrots
prep: 17
cook: 7

name: Entree-691
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: salmon shrimp
addons: cucumber
sides: eggs beans
prep: 34
cook: 94

name: Appetizer-692
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: beef tofu
addons: cheese
sides: cheese spinach
prep: 11
cook: 23

name: Appetizer-693
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: beef beef
addons: cheese
sides: spinach beans
prep: 30
cook: 16

name: Entree-694
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: shrimp goat goat
addons: peas
sides: peas eggs
prep: 20
cook: 45

name: Appetizer-695
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: scallops
addons: rice
sides: beans
prep: 35
cook: 22

name: Appetizer-696
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: chicken
addons: rice
sides: cheese
prep: 35
cook: 23

name: Salad-697
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms
prep: 17
cook: 8

name: Entree-698
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: lamb beef scallops
addons: peas
sides: beans beans
prep: 16
cook: 28

name: Salad-699
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: spinach
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers
prep: 6
cook: 10

name: Appetizer-700
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: beef
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms
prep: 30
cook: 17

name: Entree-701
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: lamb
addons: rice
sides: cheese peas
prep: 28
cook: 74

name: Appetizer-702
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: scallops
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 17
cook: 24

name: Entree-703
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: goat tofu lamb
addons: beans
sides: cheese milk
prep: 43
cook: 27

name: Appetizer-704
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: beef beef scallops
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms
prep: 27
cook: 9

name: Entree-705
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: salmon beef
addons: carrots
sides: eggs
prep: 30
cook: 64

name: Entree-706
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: shrimp salmon chicken
addons: broccoli
sides: peas milk
prep: 57
cook: 101

name: Entree-707
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: goat
addons: beans
sides: eggs milk
prep: 41
cook: 105

name: Entree-708
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: tempeh
addons: spinach
sides: peas milk
prep: 58
cook: 25

name: Entree-709
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: shrimp lamb goat
addons: carrots
sides: peas
prep: 59
cook: 74

name: Appetizer-710
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: tofu tofu
addons: rice
sides: cheese
prep: 15
cook: 16

name: Entree-711
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: beef
addons: beets
sides: peas cheese
prep: 15
cook: 52

name: Entree-712
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: scallops tofu tofu
addons: peas
sides: cheese
prep: 40
cook: 21

name: Appetizer-713
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: tofu tofu shrimp
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms
prep: 27
cook: 22

name: Appetizer-714
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: tofu tofu tofu
addons: peas
sides: spinach beans
prep: 23
cook: 7

name: Salad-715
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: mesclun
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms cucumbers
prep: 9
cook: 4

name: Appetizer-716
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: scallops
addons: peas
sides: mushrooms cheese
prep: 30
cook: 14

name: Entree-717
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: shrimp chicken salmon
addons: spinach
sides: cheese
prep: 24
cook: 71

name: Salad-718
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: mesclun
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers cucumbers
prep: 5
cook: 5

name: Entree-719
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: lamb salmon
addons: beans
sides: beans
prep: 26
cook: 94

name: Salad-720
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: spinach chard
addons: radishes
sides: carrots
prep: 16
cook: 7

name: Salad-721
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: mesclun lettuce chard
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers mushrooms
prep: 8
cook: 5

name: Salad-722
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: lettuce lettuce
addons: scallions
sides: carrots potatoes
prep: 15
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-723
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: tofu scallops tofu
addons: cheese
sides: cheese
prep: 16
cook: 13

name: Entree-724
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: goat
addons: broccoli
sides: beans
prep: 39
cook: 56

name: Salad-725
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: arugula
addons: radishes
sides: mushrooms potatoes
prep: 10
cook: 2

name: Salad-726
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: mesclun
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms
prep: 19
cook: 7

name: Appetizer-727
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: beef
addons: cheese
sides: beans spinach
prep: 35
cook: 8

name: Salad-728
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: arugula
addons: eggs
sides: cucumbers
prep: 5
cook: 2

name: Salad-729
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: mesclun chard
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms potatoes
prep: 19
cook: 7

name: Entree-730
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: lamb salmon
addons: beets
sides: eggs milk
prep: 43
cook: 104

name: Entree-731
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: shrimp lamb
addons: broccoli
sides: cheese beans
prep: 20
cook: 35

name: Entree-732
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: lamb tofu tempeh
addons: cucumber
sides: peas milk
prep: 17
cook: 44

name: Salad-733
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: kale mesclun mesclun
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes potatoes
prep: 18
cook: 2

name: Entree-734
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: shrimp
addons: beans
sides: peas
prep: 48
cook: 104

name: Entree-735
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: goat
addons: beans
sides: cheese
prep: 40
cook: 24

name: Entree-736
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: salmon salmon
addons: cauliflower
sides: cheese
prep: 23
cook: 26

name: Entree-737
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: salmon
addons: mushrooms
sides: peas
prep: 34
cook: 61

name: Salad-738
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: mesclun chard
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes
prep: 19
cook: 1

name: Entree-739
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: tofu goat
addons: carrots
sides: peas
prep: 59
cook: 98

name: Entree-740
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: tofu
addons: carrots
sides: peas eggs
prep: 36
cook: 98

name: Appetizer-741
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: chicken
addons: rice
sides: mushrooms spinach
prep: 35
cook: 21

name: Entree-742
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: shrimp lamb tofu
addons: broccoli
sides: peas
prep: 52
cook: 39

name: Salad-743
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: mesclun arugula
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes
prep: 19
cook: 10

name: Salad-744
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: spinach
addons: radishes
sides: carrots
prep: 11
cook: 8

name: Entree-745
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: lamb beef
addons: peas
sides: peas peas
prep: 20
cook: 26

name: Entree-746
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: goat
addons: mushrooms
sides: eggs
prep: 39
cook: 42

name: Entree-747
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: scallops tofu
addons: rice
sides: cheese milk
prep: 42
cook: 122

name: Appetizer-748
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: tofu
addons: peas
sides: cheese
prep: 20
cook: 16

name: Appetizer-749
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: beef
addons: eggs
sides: spinach
prep: 11
cook: 23

name: Salad-750
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: chard
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms cucumbers
prep: 12
cook: 5

name: Entree-751
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: lamb scallops
addons: beans
sides: milk
prep: 59
cook: 117

name: Appetizer-752
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: shrimp beef chicken
addons: peas
sides: beans cheese
prep: 32
cook: 13

name: Salad-753
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: spinach kale spinach
addons: eggs
sides: carrots potatoes
prep: 7
cook: 5

name: Appetizer-754
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: beef scallops
addons: rice
sides: cheese spinach
prep: 21
cook: 14

name: Entree-755
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: shrimp
addons: beans
sides: milk
prep: 16
cook: 37

name: Entree-756
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: goat tofu tofu
addons: potatoes
sides: peas
prep: 37
cook: 84

name: Entree-757
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: chicken lamb beef
addons: potatoes
sides: peas
prep: 25
cook: 5

name: Appetizer-758
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: shrimp chicken scallops
addons: peas
sides: cheese
prep: 26
cook: 13

name: Appetizer-759
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: scallops beef
addons: peas
sides: mushrooms beans
prep: 24
cook: 14

name: Appetizer-760
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: scallops
addons: cheese
sides: spinach cheese
prep: 34
cook: 15

name: Salad-761
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: chard lettuce
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers
prep: 11
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-762
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: scallops scallops
addons: rice
sides: spinach
prep: 18
cook: 7

name: Entree-763
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: tofu scallops
addons: spinach
sides: milk
prep: 28
cook: 108

name: Salad-764
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: spinach mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes carrots
prep: 8
cook: 6

name: Entree-765
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: chicken shrimp
addons: spinach
sides: beans milk
prep: 51
cook: 13

name: Entree-766
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: goat
addons: peas
sides: eggs
prep: 34
cook: 117

name: Salad-767
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: chard
addons: radishes
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 15
cook: 5

name: Salad-768
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: chard arugula lettuce
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes cucumbers
prep: 14
cook: 10

name: Entree-769
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: beef beef
addons: peas
sides: cheese
prep: 53
cook: 33

name: Salad-770
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: spinach
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes potatoes
prep: 19
cook: 5

name: Appetizer-771
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: tofu
addons: rice
sides: beans
prep: 35
cook: 13

name: Appetizer-772
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: tofu
addons: cheese
sides: cheese spinach
prep: 35
cook: 23

name: Entree-773
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: scallops
addons: broccoli
sides: peas
prep: 31
cook: 69

name: Entree-774
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: chicken salmon
addons: broccoli
sides: eggs
prep: 44
cook: 75

name: Entree-775
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: shrimp shrimp
addons: potatoes
sides: milk
prep: 58
cook: 30

name: Salad-776
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: kale mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes potatoes
prep: 7
cook: 10

name: Entree-777
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp scallops lamb
addons: beans
sides: cheese milk
prep: 42
cook: 52

name: Appetizer-778
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: shrimp tofu
addons: peas
sides: beans
prep: 34
cook: 13

name: Entree-779
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: tofu lamb tempeh
addons: broccoli
sides: eggs cheese
prep: 53
cook: 111

name: Salad-780
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: lettuce kale mesclun
addons: scallions
sides: carrots
prep: 8
cook: 10

name: Salad-781
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: arugula chard mesclun
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes
prep: 10
cook: 9

name: Salad-782
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: spinach lettuce lettuce
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers
prep: 11
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-783
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: beef shrimp
addons: eggs
sides: cheese mushrooms
prep: 37
cook: 5

name: Appetizer-784
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: scallops chicken
addons: eggs
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 32
cook: 10

name: Salad-785
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: mesclun
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes cucumbers
prep: 16
cook: 5

name: Salad-786
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: chard arugula
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms potatoes
prep: 19
cook: 2

name: Appetizer-787
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: tofu chicken chicken
addons: rice
sides: spinach mushrooms
prep: 20
cook: 21

name: Entree-788
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: shrimp scallops tempeh
addons: rice
sides: eggs
prep: 41
cook: 24

name: Appetizer-789
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: shrimp tofu beef
addons: peas
sides: spinach
prep: 29
cook: 21

name: Entree-790
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: beef
addons: mushrooms
sides: peas
prep: 33
cook: 34

name: Appetizer-791
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: tofu chicken
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 38
cook: 17

name: Salad-792
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: lettuce
addons: scallions
sides: potatoes cucumbers
prep: 11
cook: 2

name: Appetizer-793
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: tofu tofu shrimp
addons: peas
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 22
cook: 12

name: Appetizer-794
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: beef
addons: eggs
sides: spinach beans
prep: 15
cook: 22

name: Appetizer-795
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: chicken tofu beef
addons: rice
sides: beans mushrooms
prep: 35
cook: 24

name: Appetizer-796
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: beef
addons: rice
sides: cheese
prep: 29
cook: 23

name: Appetizer-797
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: scallops beef beef
addons: eggs
sides: spinach
prep: 38
cook: 8

name: Entree-798
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: tempeh scallops beef
addons: peas
sides: beans
prep: 46
cook: 89

name: Appetizer-799
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: scallops chicken
addons: peas
sides: spinach
prep: 37
cook: 24

name: Appetizer-800
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: scallops
addons: eggs
sides: cheese
prep: 31
cook: 22

name: Salad-801
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: lettuce arugula
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms
prep: 17
cook: 10

name: Salad-802
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: chard lettuce
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers potatoes
prep: 17
cook: 5

name: Salad-803
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: kale kale kale
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms
prep: 18
cook: 7

name: Salad-804
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: mesclun arugula arugula
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms carrots
prep: 10
cook: 3

name: Appetizer-805
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: tofu
addons: rice
sides: mushrooms spinach
prep: 28
cook: 9

name: Salad-806
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: lettuce chard arugula
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers cucumbers
prep: 5
cook: 10

name: Entree-807
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: beef
addons: cauliflower
sides: milk beans
prep: 39
cook: 112

name: Appetizer-808
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: beef scallops
addons: cheese
sides: cheese
prep: 11
cook: 13

name: Appetizer-809
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: tofu
addons: peas
sides: mushrooms
prep: 39
cook: 5

name: Salad-810
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: arugula lettuce
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 14
cook: 5

name: Entree-811
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: tempeh tofu beef
addons: beets
sides: peas milk
prep: 44
cook: 7

name: Salad-812
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: lettuce lettuce lettuce
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms carrots
prep: 5
cook: 4

name: Appetizer-813
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: shrimp chicken tofu
addons: cheese
sides: beans
prep: 13
cook: 18

name: Appetizer-814
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: tofu
addons: rice
sides: beans
prep: 25
cook: 14

name: Entree-815
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: tofu tempeh
addons: mushrooms
sides: milk
prep: 33
cook: 75

name: Salad-816
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: lettuce
addons: radishes
sides: carrots mushrooms
prep: 10
cook: 1

name: Entree-817
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: salmon salmon scallops
addons: carrots
sides: milk
prep: 48
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-818
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: tofu tofu
addons: cheese
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 28
cook: 12

name: Salad-819
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: lettuce arugula chard
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms
prep: 6
cook: 8

name: Entree-820
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: salmon
addons: carrots
sides: milk peas
prep: 46
cook: 73

name: Appetizer-821
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: chicken
addons: peas
sides: cheese
prep: 32
cook: 8

name: Salad-822
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: arugula spinach
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms carrots
prep: 16
cook: 10

name: Entree-823
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: tofu salmon shrimp
addons: cucumber
sides: eggs beans
prep: 25
cook: 60

name: Salad-824
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: arugula
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms potatoes
prep: 10
cook: 1

name: Appetizer-825
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: scallops shrimp
addons: rice
sides: mushrooms
prep: 37
cook: 18

name: Salad-826
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: chard mesclun chard
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms
prep: 15
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-827
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: shrimp
addons: eggs
sides: beans cheese
prep: 39
cook: 19

name: Entree-828
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: chicken
addons: mushrooms
sides: cheese eggs
prep: 40
cook: 31

name: Salad-829
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: spinach mesclun chard
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers cucumbers
prep: 19
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-830
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: beef
addons: rice
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 37
cook: 22

name: Entree-831
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: beef beef
addons: mushrooms
sides: beans eggs
prep: 27
cook: 104

name: Salad-832
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: chard
addons: eggs
sides: carrots potatoes
prep: 19
cook: 10

name: Salad-833
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: chard
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers
prep: 14
cook: 5

name: Appetizer-834
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: tofu scallops
addons: peas
sides: mushrooms beans
prep: 39
cook: 20

name: Entree-835
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: salmon beef tempeh
addons: carrots
sides: eggs
prep: 17
cook: 37

name: Entree-836
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: tofu salmon tempeh
addons: broccoli
sides: cheese peas
prep: 17
cook: 64

name: Appetizer-837
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: scallops
addons: peas
sides: spinach
prep: 26
cook: 20

name: Appetizer-838
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: scallops beef tofu
addons: rice
sides: mushrooms beans
prep: 21
cook: 19

name: Salad-839
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: arugula kale
addons: eggs
sides: carrots
prep: 9
cook: 2

name: Appetizer-840
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: tofu tofu chicken
addons: eggs
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 30
cook: 10

name: Appetizer-841
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: scallops tofu
addons: rice
sides: beans beans
prep: 20
cook: 22

name: Appetizer-842
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: tofu
addons: peas
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 24
cook: 10

name: Salad-843
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: carrots cucumbers
prep: 11
cook: 8

name: Salad-844
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: lettuce spinach lettuce
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers
prep: 6
cook: 2

name: Entree-845
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: chicken tofu chicken
addons: carrots
sides: milk eggs
prep: 26
cook: 88

name: Appetizer-846
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: scallops scallops tofu
addons: peas
sides: beans spinach
prep: 32
cook: 16

name: Salad-847
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: spinach
addons: radishes
sides: carrots
prep: 8
cook: 1

name: Appetizer-848
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: tofu tofu tofu
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms
prep: 26
cook: 20

name: Salad-849
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: lettuce arugula
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes
prep: 14
cook: 3

name: Salad-850
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: chard mesclun
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers
prep: 13
cook: 7

name: Entree-851
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: chicken
addons: peas
sides: milk
prep: 27
cook: 29

name: Appetizer-852
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: beef
addons: rice
sides: cheese spinach
prep: 20
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-853
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp scallops beef
addons: peas
sides: beans beans
prep: 15
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-854
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: beef tofu tofu
addons: peas
sides: beans mushrooms
prep: 32
cook: 17

name: Appetizer-855
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: scallops beef shrimp
addons: rice
sides: beans cheese
prep: 27
cook: 10

name: Appetizer-856
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: chicken beef
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms
prep: 17
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-857
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: beef
addons: cheese
sides: beans beans
prep: 26
cook: 11

name: Salad-858
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: arugula chard arugula
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes mushrooms
prep: 7
cook: 3

name: Entree-859
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: salmon chicken
addons: broccoli
sides: beans
prep: 49
cook: 104

name: Entree-860
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: lamb
addons: cucumber
sides: peas
prep: 41
cook: 15

name: Salad-861
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: kale chard
addons: radishes
sides: mushrooms
prep: 9
cook: 6

name: Entree-862
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: lamb scallops goat
addons: cauliflower
sides: cheese
prep: 38
cook: 56

name: Entree-863
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: shrimp tofu goat
addons: cauliflower
sides: peas
prep: 20
cook: 21

name: Appetizer-864
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: tofu tofu tofu
addons: rice
sides: cheese
prep: 14
cook: 9

name: Salad-865
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: mesclun
addons: eggs
sides: carrots
prep: 14
cook: 7

name: Appetizer-866
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: scallops beef
addons: rice
sides: beans
prep: 39
cook: 17

name: Appetizer-867
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: scallops
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms
prep: 31
cook: 7

name: Salad-868
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: chard spinach arugula
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers mushrooms
prep: 12
cook: 1

name: Salad-869
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: kale
addons: cheese
sides: carrots
prep: 17
cook: 4

name: Salad-870
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: spinach mesclun
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes
prep: 9
cook: 6

name: Entree-871
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: salmon shrimp chicken
addons: potatoes
sides: eggs milk
prep: 36
cook: 46

name: Entree-872
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: scallops goat
addons: peas
sides: peas peas
prep: 24
cook: 114

name: Appetizer-873
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: beef
addons: eggs
sides: beans mushrooms
prep: 13
cook: 5

name: Entree-874
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: beef tempeh
addons: potatoes
sides: eggs beans
prep: 33
cook: 106

name: Appetizer-875
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: beef beef
addons: cheese
sides: spinach
prep: 33
cook: 21

name: Appetizer-876
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp beef shrimp
addons: eggs
sides: beans spinach
prep: 24
cook: 7

name: Appetizer-877
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: chicken shrimp scallops
addons: eggs
sides: beans spinach
prep: 13
cook: 22

name: Salad-878
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: chard
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms
prep: 7
cook: 4

name: Appetizer-879
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: chicken
addons: peas
sides: mushrooms cheese
prep: 34
cook: 18

name: Entree-880
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: tempeh
addons: cauliflower
sides: beans beans
prep: 55
cook: 42

name: Salad-881
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: kale
addons: eggs
sides: cucumbers
prep: 15
cook: 9

name: Salad-882
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: mesclun
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms carrots
prep: 9
cook: 5

name: Salad-883
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: arugula spinach arugula
addons: scallions
sides: carrots
prep: 16
cook: 10

name: Appetizer-884
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: scallops
addons: cheese
sides: beans
prep: 19
cook: 16

name: Appetizer-885
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: shrimp
addons: cheese
sides: cheese mushrooms
prep: 29
cook: 13

name: Entree-886
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: chicken goat scallops
addons: cucumber
sides: beans beans
prep: 57
cook: 81

name: Appetizer-887
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: shrimp chicken
addons: eggs
sides: beans
prep: 20
cook: 18

name: Entree-888
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: chicken salmon
addons: rice
sides: cheese beans
prep: 50
cook: 99

name: Entree-889
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: lamb
addons: rice
sides: peas beans
prep: 44
cook: 47

name: Appetizer-890
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: scallops scallops
addons: peas
sides: beans
prep: 34
cook: 24

name: Entree-891
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: lamb
addons: potatoes
sides: eggs milk
prep: 22
cook: 118

name: Appetizer-892
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: shrimp tofu scallops
addons: eggs
sides: spinach mushrooms
prep: 28
cook: 14

name: Appetizer-893
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: chicken
addons: eggs
sides: spinach
prep: 18
cook: 21

name: Salad-894
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: lettuce mesclun lettuce
addons: scallions
sides: carrots
prep: 12
cook: 7

name: Salad-895
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: mesclun kale
addons: eggs
sides: cucumbers mushrooms
prep: 14
cook: 2

name: Salad-896
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: arugula arugula
addons: cheese
sides: carrots mushrooms
prep: 15
cook: 9

name: Entree-897
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: beef lamb tofu
addons: rice
sides: beans milk
prep: 36
cook: 12

name: Appetizer-898
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: chicken shrimp
addons: cheese
sides: spinach spinach
prep: 37
cook: 17

name: Salad-899
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: chard kale mesclun
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers carrots
prep: 10
cook: 10

name: Salad-900
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: arugula
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers
prep: 14
cook: 1

name: Appetizer-901
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: scallops
addons: cheese
sides: spinach cheese
prep: 26
cook: 23

name: Entree-902
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: beef
addons: peas
sides: peas
prep: 27
cook: 50

name: Salad-903
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: arugula kale lettuce
addons: scallions
sides: carrots carrots
prep: 19
cook: 6

name: Salad-904
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: kale kale
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes
prep: 8
cook: 7

name: Salad-905
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: arugula
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 12
cook: 3

name: Appetizer-906
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: chicken shrimp scallops
addons: peas
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 10
cook: 6

name: Entree-907
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: goat goat tempeh
addons: spinach
sides: eggs
prep: 49
cook: 18

name: Appetizer-908
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: beef beef beef
addons: peas
sides: spinach spinach
prep: 22
cook: 19

name: Salad-909
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: chard chard
addons: scallions
sides: carrots
prep: 6
cook: 3

name: Appetizer-910
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: scallops
addons: rice
sides: mushrooms cheese
prep: 33
cook: 15

name: Entree-911
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: scallops lamb tofu
addons: broccoli
sides: milk milk
prep: 36
cook: 114

name: Entree-912
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: shrimp
addons: broccoli
sides: milk milk
prep: 17
cook: 69

name: Appetizer-913
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: shrimp
addons: peas
sides: beans mushrooms
prep: 16
cook: 10

name: Salad-914
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: lettuce kale
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers carrots
prep: 5
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-915
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: tofu shrimp tofu
addons: peas
sides: beans cheese
prep: 21
cook: 11

name: Salad-916
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: chard chard
addons: radishes
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 5
cook: 10

name: Appetizer-917
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: beef tofu
addons: cheese
sides: beans
prep: 13
cook: 14

name: Appetizer-918
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp scallops
addons: eggs
sides: spinach
prep: 35
cook: 10

name: Entree-919
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: salmon lamb salmon
addons: spinach
sides: milk beans
prep: 37
cook: 41

name: Entree-920
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: salmon scallops
addons: cucumber
sides: milk milk
prep: 36
cook: 85

name: Appetizer-921
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: chicken shrimp
addons: cheese
sides: cheese
prep: 21
cook: 15

name: Salad-922
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: kale
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms potatoes
prep: 13
cook: 4

name: Salad-923
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: chard mesclun
addons: radishes
sides: cucumbers mushrooms
prep: 16
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-924
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: chicken chicken
addons: cheese
sides: cheese beans
prep: 31
cook: 24

name: Salad-925
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: cucumbers
prep: 17
cook: 5

name: Appetizer-926
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: scallops scallops
addons: cheese
sides: beans
prep: 38
cook: 12

name: Salad-927
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: mesclun
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms potatoes
prep: 12
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-928
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Greek
main: chicken tofu chicken
addons: peas
sides: mushrooms beans
prep: 38
cook: 18

name: Entree-929
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: scallops
addons: beets
sides: beans
prep: 38
cook: 101

name: Salad-930
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: chard kale
addons: cheese
sides: carrots potatoes
prep: 18
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-931
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: beef shrimp beef
addons: peas
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 28
cook: 7

name: Salad-932
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: mesclun mesclun
addons: scallions
sides: mushrooms cucumbers
prep: 9
cook: 9

name: Salad-933
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: arugula
addons: eggs
sides: carrots potatoes
prep: 7
cook: 8

name: Salad-934
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: kale
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes
prep: 10
cook: 3

name: Entree-935
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: scallops scallops tofu
addons: broccoli
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 15
cook: 21

name: Entree-936
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: tofu lamb
addons: rice
sides: eggs
prep: 35
cook: 63

name: Entree-937
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: tempeh scallops shrimp
addons: cauliflower
sides: milk peas
prep: 55
cook: 72

name: Salad-938
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: kale
addons: cheese
sides: carrots potatoes
prep: 19
cook: 10

name: Salad-939
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: chard
addons: cheese
sides: carrots carrots
prep: 15
cook: 1

name: Appetizer-940
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Chinese
main: shrimp
addons: eggs
sides: spinach spinach
prep: 37
cook: 24

name: Entree-941
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: chicken tempeh
addons: cauliflower
sides: cheese beans
prep: 29
cook: 34

name: Salad-942
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: kale mesclun
addons: radishes
sides: potatoes mushrooms
prep: 8
cook: 4

name: Entree-943
type: Entree
cuisine: Indian
main: beef shrimp salmon
addons: peas
sides: eggs
prep: 21
cook: 56

name: Appetizer-944
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: shrimp
addons: cheese
sides: beans cheese
prep: 14
cook: 16

name: Salad-945
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: arugula lettuce spinach
addons: radishes
sides: carrots cucumbers
prep: 10
cook: 2

name: Salad-946
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: chard
addons: eggs
sides: carrots potatoes
prep: 17
cook: 9

name: Entree-947
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: lamb beef beef
addons: peas
sides: eggs beans
prep: 48
cook: 41

name: Entree-948
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp
addons: peas
sides: eggs peas
prep: 48
cook: 19

name: Salad-949
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: kale mesclun mesclun
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes cucumbers
prep: 9
cook: 1

name: Entree-950
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: goat scallops
addons: broccoli
sides: peas milk
prep: 44
cook: 92

name: Entree-951
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: salmon scallops
addons: spinach
sides: milk beans
prep: 32
cook: 122

name: Entree-952
type: Entree
cuisine: French
main: salmon scallops shrimp
addons: potatoes
sides: beans peas
prep: 47
cook: 82

name: Appetizer-953
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: tofu
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 22
cook: 11

name: Salad-954
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: mesclun lettuce arugula
addons: eggs
sides: cucumbers
prep: 18
cook: 5

name: Appetizer-955
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: shrimp scallops
addons: cheese
sides: cheese mushrooms
prep: 33
cook: 15

name: Appetizer-956
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: scallops scallops chicken
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms
prep: 21
cook: 6

name: Appetizer-957
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: tofu scallops
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms
prep: 20
cook: 5

name: Entree-958
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: scallops goat beef
addons: cucumber
sides: eggs
prep: 30
cook: 23

name: Salad-959
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: chard lettuce lettuce
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes
prep: 9
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-960
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: shrimp shrimp
addons: peas
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 12
cook: 7

name: Salad-961
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: lettuce
addons: radishes
sides: mushrooms
prep: 5
cook: 2

name: Salad-962
type: Salad
cuisine: Pakistan
main: kale
addons: eggs
sides: cucumbers cucumbers
prep: 17
cook: 6

name: Entree-963
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp chicken
addons: cauliflower
sides: cheese
prep: 50
cook: 57

name: Entree-964
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: lamb
addons: potatoes
sides: eggs peas
prep: 54
cook: 27

name: Appetizer-965
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: chicken
addons: eggs
sides: cheese
prep: 10
cook: 5

name: Entree-966
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: goat beef
addons: spinach
sides: eggs cheese
prep: 43
cook: 13

name: Appetizer-967
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: tofu
addons: rice
sides: spinach mushrooms
prep: 37
cook: 10

name: Salad-968
type: Salad
cuisine: Greek
main: lettuce
addons: eggs
sides: potatoes
prep: 17
cook: 3

name: Salad-969
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: arugula
addons: scallions
sides: carrots
prep: 14
cook: 1

name: Salad-970
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: lettuce arugula kale
addons: cheese
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 5
cook: 5

name: Entree-971
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: lamb tofu
addons: cauliflower
sides: cheese
prep: 55
cook: 86

name: Entree-972
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: shrimp
addons: peas
sides: beans beans
prep: 21
cook: 20

name: Entree-973
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: shrimp
addons: beans
sides: cheese
prep: 52
cook: 94

name: Salad-974
type: Salad
cuisine: Italian
main: lettuce
addons: radishes
sides: carrots
prep: 9
cook: 8

name: Salad-975
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: spinach
addons: scallions
sides: carrots potatoes
prep: 16
cook: 9

name: Appetizer-976
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: scallops
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms
prep: 15
cook: 5

name: Entree-977
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: beef tofu
addons: beans
sides: peas eggs
prep: 58
cook: 83

name: Salad-978
type: Salad
cuisine: Indian
main: kale
addons: scallions
sides: potatoes
prep: 7
cook: 3

name: Entree-979
type: Entree
cuisine: Chinese
main: tempeh chicken
addons: cauliflower
sides: cheese
prep: 36
cook: 102

name: Entree-980
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: lamb scallops
addons: carrots
sides: cheese eggs
prep: 58
cook: 31

name: Salad-981
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: mesclun spinach
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms cucumbers
prep: 5
cook: 5

name: Salad-982
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: chard kale
addons: scallions
sides: cucumbers potatoes
prep: 15
cook: 6

name: Entree-983
type: Entree
cuisine: Korean
main: beef tempeh tempeh
addons: spinach
sides: cheese
prep: 43
cook: 70

name: Appetizer-984
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: scallops
addons: peas
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 15
cook: 10

name: Salad-985
type: Salad
cuisine: Korean
main: mesclun
addons: radishes
sides: mushrooms mushrooms
prep: 5
cook: 8

name: Appetizer-986
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: shrimp beef shrimp
addons: cheese
sides: beans
prep: 27
cook: 11

name: Entree-987
type: Entree
cuisine: Turkish
main: salmon beef
addons: peas
sides: cheese
prep: 48
cook: 81

name: Salad-988
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: mesclun spinach kale
addons: scallions
sides: carrots
prep: 9
cook: 5

name: Salad-989
type: Salad
cuisine: Chinese
main: spinach mesclun
addons: scallions
sides: potatoes
prep: 7
cook: 10

name: Entree-990
type: Entree
cuisine: Greek
main: shrimp
addons: beets
sides: eggs
prep: 57
cook: 82

name: Salad-991
type: Salad
cuisine: French
main: kale arugula kale
addons: cheese
sides: potatoes mushrooms
prep: 16
cook: 4

name: Appetizer-992
type: Appetizer
cuisine: French
main: shrimp shrimp
addons: peas
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 36
cook: 15

name: Entree-993
type: Entree
cuisine: Pakistan
main: lamb chicken scallops
addons: mushrooms
sides: cheese
prep: 56
cook: 27

name: Appetizer-994
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Indian
main: shrimp tofu
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms beans
prep: 21
cook: 18

name: Appetizer-995
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Turkish
main: beef scallops chicken
addons: rice
sides: spinach beans
prep: 38
cook: 13

name: Appetizer-996
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Korean
main: chicken shrimp shrimp
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms cheese
prep: 35
cook: 7

name: Appetizer-997
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Pakistan
main: shrimp chicken
addons: rice
sides: beans beans
prep: 29
cook: 14

name: Salad-998
type: Salad
cuisine: Turkish
main: chard lettuce
addons: eggs
sides: mushrooms
prep: 7
cook: 1

name: Entree-999
type: Entree
cuisine: Italian
main: scallops salmon goat
addons: beans
sides: cheese cheese
prep: 44
cook: 37

name: Appetizer-1000
type: Appetizer
cuisine: Italian
main: scallops tofu
addons: peas
sides: beans
prep: 19
cook: 16

